deck of 52 cards
	Written Rules:
		Dealer must draw on 16 and stand on all 17's
		Blackjack pays 3 to 2

shuffled randlomly

There is a dealer and a player

	Betting:
	
	Blackjack pays 3 to 2
	
	Min Bet 1 Max Bet 25

	The player has a starting purse of 25
	
	white chips = $1
	red chips = $5
	green chips = $25
	
	
	
	
player decides how much to bet on the hand



the player and the dealer receive two cards each.

You compute your score by adding the values of your individual cards.

The Players are face up.

Dealers has one face down and one face up.



			(player must declare if he wants to take advantage of the side rules. You can only use the side rules once, after the deal.)....for later
			
			
			
 
 Player Stands...
 
	Turn goes to the dealer
 
 ...Or Hits
 
	Deal another cards
	
		Bust? (over 21)
		
		Hit 
		
		Or Stand
		
		
Dealers Turn
	turns over hidden card
	
	
	
	
If a natural 21 (blackjack) .... Player loses....1...

	unless player also has a blackjack.... push....4.... 

Dealer must draw on 16 and stand on all 17's

	Whether or not the dealer must hit on a soft 17 ? (a hand of 17 containing an ace being counted as 11) ?
	

dealer goes bust... player wins...2.... 

player with higher point totals than the dealer...player wins...2... 

player with lower totals than the dealer.....player loses....1....

same total as the dealer... is a push...4...

Players with a blackjack win a bet plus a bonus amount, which is normally equal to half their original wager. A blackjack hand beats any other hand, also those with a total value of 21 but with more cards.

As described above, if the dealer has a blackjack, players with blackjack make a push, while all other players lose.




 
 
 
 

The aim of the game is to accumulate a higher point total than the dealer, but without going over 21. 
 

The cards 2 through 10 have their face value, J, Q, and K are worth 10 points each, and the Ace is worth either 1 or 11 points (player's choice).




 



Each hand will result in one of the following events for the player:

	1 Lose 
			the player's bet is taken by the dealer.

	2 Win 
			the player wins as much as he bet. If you bet $10, you win $10 from the dealer (plus you keep your original bet.)
			
	3 Blackjack (natural) 
	
			the player wins 1.5 times the bet. With a bet of $10, you keep your $10 and win a further $15 from the dealer.
			
	4 Push 
			A draw. The player keeps his bet, neither winning nor losing <money class=""></money>
			







	